Sarah, my family’s close friend, heard about my talent for creating mobile apps. She is an avid history buff and educator who wants to use technology to inspire young minds.
Sarah can believe this app was not so educational but also cool fun for students.
For this app we going to take peoples age to match the age of different people in history when they are alive or dead.
Git is a version control system that lets you manage and keep track of your source code history. GitHub is a cloud-based hosting service that lets you manage Git repositories. If you have open-source projects that use Git, then GitHub is designed to help you better manage them.
I can create app like many people died or alive. We going to create this for the younger generation. The incredible success of the mobile App economy has been attracting software developers hoping for new or repeated success. Surviving in the fierce competitive App market involves in part planning ahead of time for the success of the App on the marketplace. Prior research has shown that App success can be viewed through its proxy-popularity. An important question, then, is what factors differentiates popular from unpopular Apps? GitHub, a software project forge, and Google Play store, an app market, are both crowdsourced, and provide some publicly available data that can be used to cross-link source code and app download popularity. In this study, we examined how technical and social features of Open-Source Software Apps, mined from two crowdsourced websites, relate to App popularity. We observed that both the technical and the social factors play significant roles in explaining App popularity. However, the combined factors have a low effect size in explaining App popularity, as measured by average user rating on Google Play. Interestingly on GitHub, we found that social factors have a higher power in explaining the popularity compared to all the technical factors we investigated. We are searching all the celebrities and legends when they passed away at their ages.

It's used for storing, tracking, and collaborating on software projects. It makes it easy for developers to share code files and collaborate with fellow developers on open-source projects. GitHub also serves as a social networking site where developers can openly network, collaborate, and pitch their work. 
GitHub allows you to create, store, change, merge, and collaborate on files or code. Any member of a team can access the GitHub repository and see the most recent version in real-time. Then, they can make edits or changes that the other collaborators also see.
Environments are used to describe a general deployment target like production, staging, or development. When a GitHub Actions workflow deploys to an environment, the environment is displayed on the main page of the repository. For more information about viewing deployments to environments.

link to video
https://www.youtube.com/shorts/LcmH1ffEzGg
